Bulk add alerts to Timeline (#2822)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/alerts-ui-manage.asciidoc

[[signals-to-timelines]]
==== View alerts in Timeline

* To view a single alert in Timeline, click the *Investigate in timeline* button in the Alerts table. Alternatively, select *Take action* -> *Investigate in timeline* in the alert details flyout.

> 

Reviewer: Continuation of bullet, for left margin alignment:
```suggestion
+
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/timeline-button.png[Investigate in timeline button, 300]

> * To view multiple alerts in Timeline (up to 2,000), select them using the checkboxes on the left of the Alerts table, then click *Selected N alerts*, where *N* is the number of alerts selected, and click *Investigate in timeline*.

Reviewer: We probably don't need as much detail or explanation for a fairly common workflow, and we have a slightly different format for labels with variable text ([guideline here](https://wiki.elastic.co/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=105914797) in TL;DR section):

> Use _x_ (italicized) for variable text in UI component names, such as: "Click **Select all _x_ rules**, and then select **Activate**." 

```suggestion
* To view multiple alerts in Timeline (up to 2,000), select the checkboxes next to the alerts, then click *Selected _x_ alerts* -> *Investigate in timeline*.
```

> 

Reviewer: Continuation again:
```suggestion
+
```
